and we are ready for the stock they're
off in the Breeders Cup Juvenile
super colossal started well and so did
blue dancer and the Canadian coats in
front blue dancer on the inside super
colossal the grape war is handy early
he's right behind them as they charge
into the first turn here and then to the
outside comes mr. Z private prospect
saves all the ground one lucky day to
score wide into the turn and Daredevil's
way out there daredevil with a five wide
run on that first turn and then comes
top Stein who has a few horses beaten
they are lucky player carpe diem and the
trailer well behind the field is Texas
red 22 and one was the opening quarter
mile up the backstretch they go blue
dancer by a head super colossal
alongside in second mr. Z is outside of
them
daredevil on the far outside then the
Great War private puck speck rides the
rail he's only a length and a half off
the lead on a tight pack and then comes
up started starting to gain some ground
one lucky Dana's next carpe diems got
seven legs to make up after a blistering
forty five and three half mile and carpe
diem is starting to move but it's still
blue dancer in front with three furlongs
to run mr. Z goes up there three wide
super colossal in between horses upstart
is next and right behind them comes the
Great War and Texas red who is far
behind
[Applause]
today it's ten per second currently the
others possibly outside of upstart and
that cave the Great War for the sentient
jet Breeders Cup Juvenile 2014 Lafitte
and to my right your left
I have Andrew Collins president of
sentient jet Andrew is joined by his
colleagues from sanshin jet Chris Claire
and Martin Michelle and to receive the
trophy the owners of Texas red Erik
bream Wayne Detmar and Lee Michaels
gentlemen and ladies many
congratulations
Angie many congratulations to you all to
the Desormeaux family as well I'd ask
you Andrew to present the trophy
Erik congratulations on behalf of all
the owners and employees of sentient jet
congratulations on a perfect trip and a
great race Erik $17,000 Texas red cost
the best money you've ever spent it's
it's a wonderful thing and I mean
there's there's so many people here that
we want to thank right the disarm Oh
brothers have been fabulous my partners
and Horace have been fabulous in the
spirit of sportsmanship we want to
congratulate all the other owners and
wish them the best at coming back to
race against us in future
- mr. Zayat and American Pharoah we hope
we see you next year and that's in an
honorable way and this is just the most
fabulous thing that's ever happened to
us so thank you very much many many
congratulations Lafite Texas red the
Lone Star in the Breeders Cup Jim